Update README.md (#42)
zenaton/zenaton-php: README.md

</p>
  
# Zenaton library for PHP

[Zenaton](https://zenaton.com) helps developers to easily run, monitor and orchestrate background jobs on your workers without managing a queuing system. In addition to this, a monitoring dashboard shows you in real-time tasks executions and helps you to handle errors. 

> This Zenaton library for PHP lets you code and launch single task using Zenaton platform, as well as write workflows as code. You can sign up for an account on [Zenaton](https://zenaton.com) and go through the [tutorial in PHP](https://app.zenaton.com/tutorial/php).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Zenaton library for PHP lets you code and launch tasks using Zenaton platform, as well as write workflows as code. You can sign up for an account on [Zenaton](https://zenaton.com) and go through the [tutorial in PHP](https://app.zenaton.com/tutorial/php).
```
